README update (#5)
Thibaut-Gudin/ocaml-mixpanel: README.md

## What does ocaml-mixpanel do

This plugin provides function that give the opportunity to use

> `Mixpanel` in your ocalm projects.

Reviewer: OCaml

> `Mixpanel` in your OCalm projects.

Reviewer: OCaml

```
  [See the default config options](https://github.com/mixpanel/mixpanel-js/blob/8b2e1f7b/src/mixpanel-core.js#L87-L110)

### `Mixpanel.Lwt.init`

> The module `Lwt` provide an implementation of "init" that put your

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The module `Lwt` provides an implementation of `init` that puts your
```

> application in "wait" status until the "init" is over.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
application in "wait" status until the initialization is over.
```

All the possible properies of an object "config" have to be given

> individually in this case as optional arguments, thiere were no other

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
individually in this case as optional arguments, there was no other
```

solution found to provides user to gave an argument "loaded" while

> maintaining the possibility to gave "config" argument.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
maintaining the possibility to give `config` argument.
```

This constarint had to be added because this function will use the

> "loaded" propertie of "config" to wakeup the program, in practice a

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`loaded` property of "config" to wakeup the program, in practice a
```

"unit" will be add to the "loaded" that can gave a user in argument.

### What is the type `Properties.t`?
The type `Properties.t` is an associative array of properties to store
about the user (for example "{'Gender': 'Male', 'Age': 21}"), this type
is used for several function arguments.
You can create a `Properties.t` object with the function

> `Properties.create` that can convert a list of (string * string) into a

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`Properties.create` that can convert a list of `(string * string)` into a
```

```
  [See the default config options](https://github.com/mixpanel/mixpanel-js/blob/8b2e1f7b/src/mixpanel-core.js#L87-L110)

### `Mixpanel.Lwt.init`
The module `Lwt` provides an implementation of `init` that puts your
application in "wait" status until the initialization is over.
All the possible properies of an object "config" have to be given
individually in this case as optional arguments, there was no other
solution found to provides user to gave an argument "loaded" while
maintaining the possibility to give `config` argument.

> This constarint had to be added because this function will use the

Reviewer: constraint

  [See the default config options](https://github.com/mixpanel/mixpanel-js/blob/8b2e1f7b/src/mixpanel-core.js#L87-L110)

### `Mixpanel.Lwt.init`
The module `Lwt` provides an implementation of `init` that puts your
application in "wait" status until the initialization is over.
All the possible properies of an object "config" have to be given
individually in this case as optional arguments, there was no other
solution found to provides user to gave an argument "loaded" while

> maintaining the possibility to give `config` argument.

Reviewer: give a `config` argument.

                                   else print_endline "Track Succeed")
               ()
```
#### `Mixpanel.Lwt.track`

> The module `Lwt` provide an implementation of "track" that return a

Reviewer: provides

Reviewer: returns

API. This function works a little bit like "track", in difference
that the "properites" given in argument will insteade be added to the
Mixpanel profil of the current user.

### `Mixpanel.identify`
> Identify a user with a unique ID to track activity across devices, tie
a user to their events, and create a user profile. If you never call
this method, unique visitors are tracked using a UUID generated the fist
time they visit the site.

[See Mixpanel API](https://developer.mixpanel.com/docs/javascript-full-api-reference#mixpanelidentify)

### `Mixpanel.alias`
This function will add the "alias" string given in argument to the
"alias name" list of the current user that can be seen on his profil on
Mixpanel.

### `Mixpanel.reset`

> Clears super properties and generates a new random distinct_id for this instance. Useful for clearing data when a user logs out.

Source : [Mixpanel API](https://developer.mixpanel.com/docs/javascript-full-api-reference#mixpanelreset)

### `Mixpanel.set_group`
> Register the current user into one/many groups.

Source : [Mixapnel API](https://developer.mixpanel.com/docs/javascript-full-api-reference#mixpanelset_group)

> The second argument "group_ids" have to be a list (even if their is only

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The second argument `group_ids` has to be a list (even if there is only
```

> 1 element), in addition, even if the Mixpanel AST say that the list can

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
one element), in addition, even if the Mixpanel AST says that the list can
```

Reviewer 2: Mixpanel AST?

Author: I often got AST mixed up with API sorry, I will correct it.

> contain either "string" elements or "int" elements, in this plugin you

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
contains either string elements or integer elements, in this plugin you
```

> have to gave string argument only.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
have to give string argument only.
```

> The optional argument "callback" is a function that will be called afte

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The optional argument "callback" is a function that will be called after
```

> the "set_group" execution is done.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the `set_group` execution is done.
```

### `Mixpanel.Group` module

> This module contain function for "group" gestion in mixpanel

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This module contains functions for "group" management in Mixpanel
```

#### `Mixpanel.Group.get_group`

> That function return a "group_id" value that can be used in other

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This function returns a `group_id` value that can be used in other
```

> functions inside the "Group" module.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
functions inside the `Group` module.
```

> The second argument "group_id" have to be an object of type "Ojs.t",

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The second argument `group_id` have to be an object of type `Ojs.t`,
```

> this is a type that you can construct with sevral type of data [see more

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
this is a type that you can construct with several types of data [see more
```

details on how to build Ojs.t objects](https://github.com/LexiFi/gen_js_api/blob/bee3b595898fdaf7db0366a9b1a009db9a6c6026/lib/ojs.mli)

[See Mixpanel API](https://developer.mixpanel.com/docs/javascript-full-api-reference#mixpanelget_group)

#### `Mixpanel.Group.set`
> Set properties on a group

> That function take a required argument "prop" of type "Propertie.t", it

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This function takes a required argument `prop` of type `Properties.t`, it
```

> represent the properti that will be added in the group.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
represents the property that will be added in the group.
```

> You can use this function right after an "Mixpanel.Group.get_group"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can use this function right after an `Mixpanel.Group.get_group`
```

application:

```Ocaml
let prop = Mixpanel.Properties.create [("Gender", "Male")] in
Mixpanel.Group.set (Mixpanel.Group.get_group ~group_key:"key"

> ~group_id:"id") ~prop ()

Reviewer 2: Wrong indentation

```

[See Mixpanel API](https://developer.mixpanel.com/docs/javascript-full-api-reference#mixpanelgroupset)

You can notice that in this library it is impossible to give a simple

> "string" as parameter `prop` and the argument `to` isn't specified too

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
string as parameter `prop` and the argument `to` isn't specified too
```

> (it is indeed usless to give a `to` argument only make sens if the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
(it is indeed useless to give a `to` argument since it only makes sense if the
```

> `prop` is a simple "string": the `Propertie.t` type can substitute it).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`prop` is a simple string: the `Properties.t` type can substitute it).
```

Mixpanel profil of the current user.

### `Mixpanel.identify`
> Identify a user with a unique ID to track activity across devices, tie
a user to their events, and create a user profile. If you never call
this method, unique visitors are tracked using a UUID generated the fist
time they visit the site.

[See Mixpanel API](https://developer.mixpanel.com/docs/javascript-full-api-reference#mixpanelidentify)

### `Mixpanel.alias`
This function will add the "alias" string given in argument to the
"alias name" list of the current user that can be seen on his profil on
Mixpanel.

### `Mixpanel.reset`

> Clears super properties and generates a new random distinct_id for this instance. Useful for clearing data when a user logs out.

Source : [Mixpanel API](https://developer.mixpanel.com/docs/javascript-full-api-reference#mixpanelreset)

### `Mixpanel.set_group`
> Register the current user into one/many groups.

Source : [Mixapnel API](https://developer.mixpanel.com/docs/javascript-full-api-reference#mixpanelset_group)

The second argument `group_ids` has to be a list (even if there is only
one element), in addition, even if the Mixpanel API says that the list

> can contains either "string" elements or integer elements, in this

Reviewer: contain

Reviewer: string

> plugin you have to give string argument only.

Reviewer: provide a string argument only.

The optional argument "callback" is a function that will be called after
the `set_group` execution is done.

### `Mixpanel.Group` module
This module contains functions for "group" management in Mixpanel

#### `Mixpanel.Group.get_group`

This function returns a `group_id` value that can be used in other
functions inside the `Group` module.

> The second argument `group_id` have to be an object of type `Ojs.t`,

Reviewer: has

Source : [Mixapnel API](https://developer.mixpanel.com/docs/javascript-full-api-reference#mixpanelset_group)

The second argument `group_ids` has to be a list (even if there is only
one element), in addition, even if the Mixpanel API says that the list
can contain either string elements or integer elements, in this
plugin you have to provide a string argument only.
The optional argument "callback" is a function that will be called after
the `set_group` execution is done.

### `Mixpanel.Group` module
This module contains functions for "group" management in Mixpanel

#### `Mixpanel.Group.get_group`

This function returns a `group_id` value that can be used in other
functions inside the `Group` module.

The second argument `group_id` has to be an object of type `Ojs.t`,
this is a type that you can construct with several types of data [see
more details on how to build Ojs.t objects](https://github.com/LexiFi/gen_js_api/blob/bee3b595898fdaf7db0366a9b1a009db9a6c6026/lib/ojs.mli)

[See Mixpanel API](https://developer.mixpanel.com/docs/javascript-full-api-reference#mixpanelget_group)

#### `Mixpanel.Group.set`
> Set properties on a group

> This function takes a required argument `prop` of type `Propertie.t`, it

Reviewer: `Property.t`

Reviewer: `Properties.t`
